feat(docs/api): Add proposed endpoints for swags (#30)
CuriousLearner/nexus: docs/api/proposed_endpoints.md

-------------------|---------------|---------------------
id                 | UUID          | Unique ID for the proposal
title              | text          | Title of proposal

> speaker            | UUID          | Foreign Key to `User` Model

Reviewer: The client doesn't care if you're using SQL and have a foreign key. It is just `user_id` for the user :)

kind               | text          | Type of proposal like `talk`, `dev sprint`, `workshop` or `lightning_talk`
level              | text          | Level of proposal beginner, intermediate, advanced
duration           | text          | Duration of the `talk`, `sprint`, `workshop` or `lightning talk`
abstract           | text          | Abstract of the proposal
description        | text          | Description of the proposal
submitted_at       | datetime      | Time of submission of proposal
approved_at        | datetime      | Time of approval
modified_at        | datetime      | Time of modification
status             | text          | Status of proposal like `retracted`, `accepted`, `unaccepted`, `submitted`, etc.

__Note__:

> - For `lightning_talk`, duration will be fixed like `00:05:00`, etc. which would be configuration through settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- For `lightning_talk`, the duration will be fixed like `00:05:00`, etc. which would be configurable through settings.
```

> - For `lightning_talk`, `level` of proposal is like speaker's experience which can be `beginner`, `intermediate` or `advanced`.

Reviewer: A person can have a different experience in different domains. You cannot assume it as constant. Also, anyone from an audience can be a speaker for lightning talks.

## Update proposal details

```
PATCH /api/proposals/:id (requires authentication)
```

**Request**
```json
{

>     "id": "0f342ac1-ac32-4bd1-3612-efa32bc3d9a0",

Reviewer 2: Since it's a `PATCH` request and we are providing `id` in the URL itself, no need to keep it in the request then.

}
```

## Send notification to individual speaker

```

> POST /api/proposals/:id/notify (requires authentication)

Reviewer: This can be either acceptance/rejection.

}
```

__Note__:
- Notification will be sent only if the `status` of the proposal is `accepted`.

# Swags

**Parameters**

Name              | Data Type | Required | Default Value  | Discription
------------------|-----------|----------|----------------|--------------------
id                | UUID      | false    | _uuid_         | Unique ID for the swag.
item              | UUID      | true     | ''             | ID for the swag item.
description       | text      | true     | ''             | Description of the swag.
image             | text      | false    | ''             | URL of the image of the swag.
created_at        | datetime  | false    | _datetime_     | Time of creation.
modified_at       | datetime  | false    | _datetime_     | Time of last modification.

__Note__:
- _uuid_: Randomly generated Universally Unique IDentifier (UUID).
- _datetime_: Date and time when `Swag` is created.

## Create a swag

```
POST /api/swags (requires authentication)
```

**Request**
```json
{
    "item": "12abcff0-bcbc-01fc-abcd-01012bc4e0b1",
    "description": "sponsered by someone"
}
```

**Response**
Status: 201 Created
```json
{
    "id": "0f342ac1-ac32-4bd1-3612-efa32bc3d9a0",

>     "item": "12abcff0-bcbc-01fc-abcd-01012bc4e0b1",

Reviewer: why an `id` here?  Please show the resource here.

    "description": "sponsered by someone",

>     "image": null,

Reviewer: Make it as URL so it is pretty evident for someone integrating the API on what to expect.

    "created_at": "2018-08-01T17:30:42Z",
    "modified_at": "2018-08-01T17:30:42Z"
}
```

## Update swag details

```
PATCH /api/swags/:id (requires authentication)
```

**Request**
```json
{
    "item": "12abcff0-bcbc-01fc-abcd-01012bc4e0b1",

>     "description": "sponsered by someone else",

Reviewer: Just provide a few fields here.
Also, what are an item and a swag exactly?

```
GET /api/swags (requires authentication)
```

**Response**
Status: 200 OK
```json
{
    "count": 1,
    "next": null,
    "previous": null,
    "results": [
        {
            "id": "0f342ac1-ac32-4bd1-3612-efa32bc3d9a0",
            "item": "12abcff0-bcbc-01fc-abcd-01012bc4e0b1",
            "description": "sponsered by someone",
            "image": null,
            "created_at": "2018-08-01T17:30:42Z",
            "modified_at": "2018-08-01T17:30:42Z"
        }
    ]
}
```

## Delete a swag

```
DELETE /api/swags/:id (requires authentication)
```

**Response**
Status: 204 No-Content

## Upload image of a swag

```
POST /api/swags/:id/upload_image (requires authentication)
```

Image will be uploaded as multipart data as a streaming HTTP request.

__Note__:
- `image` key will be used to send multipart data.

**Response**
Status: 201 Created
```json
{
    "id": "0f342ac1-ac32-4bd1-3612-efa32bc3d9a0",
    "item": "12abcff0-bcbc-01fc-abcd-01012bc4e0b1",
    "description": "sponsered by someone",
    "image": "http://xyz.com/url/of/uploaded_image.jpg",
    "created_at": "2018-08-01T17:30:42Z",
    "modified_at": "2018-08-01T17:30:42Z"
}
```

## Delete the image of swag

```

> DELETE /api/swags/:id/delete_image (requires authentication)

Reviewer: This can be POST.

created_at        | datetime  | false    | _datetime_     | Time of creation.
modified_at       | datetime  | false    | _datetime_     | Time of last modification.

__Note__:
- _uuid_: Randomly generated Universally Unique IDentifier (UUID).
- _datetime_: Date and time when the `OtherSwag` object is created.

```
POST /api/swags/items (requires authentication)
```

**Request**
```json
{
    "name": "charger"
}
```

**Response**
Status: 201 Created
```json
{
    "id": "0f342ac1-ac32-4bd1-3612-efa32bc3d9a0",
    "name": "charger",
    "created_at": "2018-08-01T17:30:41",
    "modified_at": "2018-08-01T17:30:41"
}
```

## Update the swag item

```
PATCH /api/swags/items/:id (requires authentication)
```

**Request**
```json
{
    "name": "mug",
    "created_at": "2018-08-01T17:30:41",
    "modified_at": "2018-08-01T17:30:41"
}
```

**Response**
Status: 200 OK
```json
{
    "id": "0f342ac1-ac32-4bd1-3612-efa32bc3d9a0",
    "name": "mug",
    "created_at": "2018-08-01T17:30:41",
    "modified_at": "2018-08-01T17:30:41"
}
```

## Get details of a swag item

```
GET /api/swags/items/:id (requires authentication)
```

**Response**
Status: 200 OK
```json

> {

Reviewer: If this is just one item, why not give a name to swag altogether rather than trying to link them through a foreign key?

}
```

## Send notification to speaker

```

> POST /api/proposal/:id/notify (requires authentication)

Reviewer: I might not want to send individual notifications.

```

**Response**
Status: 200 OK
```json
{
    "message": "Notification of proposal accepted will be sent to the speaker"
}
```

# Swags

**Parameters**

Name              | Data Type | Required | Default Value  | Discription
------------------|-----------|----------|----------------|--------------------
id                | UUID      | false    | _uuid_         | Unique ID for the swag.
name              | text      | true     | ''             | Name of the swag.
description       | text      | false    | ''             | Description of the swag.
image             | text      | false    | ''             | URL of the image of the swag.
created_at        | datetime  | false    | _datetime_     | Time of creation.
modified_at       | datetime  | false    | _datetime_     | Time of modification.

__Note__:
- _uuid_: randomly generated UUID.
- _datetime_: date and time when swag is created.

```
POST /api/swag (requires authentication)
```

**Request**
```json
{

>     "name": "Tshirt",

Reviewer: this should be all lower case. There should be a mapping for FE on what to send here.

Internally this would be a choice field. The mapping can be provided in a meta-data API.

Author: Providing internal choice for such a broad key like `name` might not be possible because `name` can be anything like `tshirt`, `cap`, `thumb drive`, `mug`, `notebook`, `chargers`, etc. What we can do is to create a key `category` with possible general choices like `wearables`, `devices`, `kit`, `bag` and `other` (while leaving the key `name` as a common `text_field`). This way it would be more flexible.

    "description": "Sponsered by ABC"
}
```

**Response**
Status: 201 Created
```json
{
    "id": "0f342ac1-ac32-4bd1-3612-efa32bc3d9a0",
    "name": "Tshirt",
    "description": "Sponsered by ABC",
    "image": null,
    "created_at": "2018-08-01T17:30:42Z",
    "modified_at": "2018-08-01T17:30:42Z"
}
```

## Update swag details

```

> PATCH /api/swag/:swag_id (requires authentication)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PATCH /api/swag/:id (requires authentication)
```

{
    "id": "0f342ac1-ac32-4bd1-3612-efa32bc3d9a0",
    "name": "Pendrive",
    "description": "Sponsered by XYZ",
    "image": null,
    "created_at": "2018-08-01T17:30:42Z",
    "modified_at": "2018-08-01T17:30:42Z"
}
```

## Get swag details

```
GET /api/swag/:swag_id (requires authentication)
```

**Response**
Status: 200 OK
```json
{
    "id": "0f342ac1-ac32-4bd1-3612-efa32bc3d9a0",
    "name": "Tshirt",
    "description": "Sponsered by ABC",
    "image": null,
    "created_at": "2018-08-01T17:30:42Z",
    "modified_at": "2018-08-01T17:30:42Z"
}
```

## Get details of all swags

```
GET /api/swag (requires authentication)
```

**Response**
Status: 200 OK
```json
{
    "count": 1,
    "next": null,
    "previous": null,
    "results": [
        {
            "id": "0f342ac1-ac32-4bd1-3612-efa32bc3d9a0",
            "name": "Tshirt",
            "description": "Sponsered by ABC",
            "image": null,
            "created_at": "2018-08-01T17:30:42Z",
            "modified_at": "2018-08-01T17:30:42Z"
        }
    ]
}
```

## Delete a swag

```
DELETE /api/swag/:swag_id (requires authentication)
```

**Response**
Status: 204 No-Content

## Upload image of a swag

```

> POST /api/swag/:swag_id/upload_image (requires authentication)

Reviewer: All these APIs should have a plural form like `*/api/swags/*`

```

Image will be uploaded as multipart data as a streaming HTTP request.

__NOTE__: `image` key will be used to send multipart data.

**Response**
Status: 201 Created
```json
{
    "id": "0f342ac1-ac32-4bd1-3612-efa32bc3d9a0",
    "name": "Tshirt",
    "description": "Sponsered by ABC",
    "image": "http://xyz.com/url/of/uploaded_image.jpg",
    "created_at": "2018-08-01T17:30:42Z",
    "modified_at": "2018-08-01T17:30:42Z"
}
```

## Delete the image of swag

```
DELETE /api/swag/:swag_id/delete_image (requires authentication)
```

**Response**
Status: 200 OK
```json
{
    "id": "0f342ac1-ac32-4bd1-3612-efa32bc3d9a0",
    "name": "Tshirt",
    "description": "Sponsered by ABC",
    "image": null,
    "created_at": "2018-08-01T17:30:42Z",
    "modified_at": "2018-08-01T17:30:42Z"
}
```

> # User-Swag

Reviewer: What is User-Swag?

Author: `UserSwag` is a through-table to relate `Users` with `Swags` as a many-to-many relation. All the following endpoints are dealing on this model. It will exist in the `Swags` app itself and its usage lies in marking if a `Swag` is given to a `User` and the time when it is given.

Reviewer: Why are we having an entry in the API for swag when the swag is not given yet?

Author: Right! We don't need to create an entry if the swag is not given yet. Following this, we won't be needing `is_given`, because the creation of the entry will itself mean that the swag is given and `created_at` will be the same as `given_at`. So we can remove both `is_given` and `given_at`.

Reviewer: 👍

item              | UUID      | true     | ''             | ID for the swag item.
description       | text      | true     | ''             | Description of the swag.
image             | text      | false    | ''             | URL of the image of the swag.
created_at        | datetime  | false    | _datetime_     | Time of creation.
modified_at       | datetime  | false    | _datetime_     | Time of last modification.

__Note__:
- _uuid_: Randomly generated Universally Unique IDentifier (UUID).
- _datetime_: Date and time when `Swag` is created.

## Create a swag

```
POST /api/swags (requires authentication)
```

**Request**
```json
{
    "item": "12abcff0-bcbc-01fc-abcd-01012bc4e0b1",
    "description": "sponsered by someone"
}
```

**Response**
Status: 201 Created
```json
{
    "id": "0f342ac1-ac32-4bd1-3612-efa32bc3d9a0",
    "item": "12abcff0-bcbc-01fc-abcd-01012bc4e0b1",
    "description": "sponsered by someone",
    "image": null,
    "created_at": "2018-08-01T17:30:42Z",
    "modified_at": "2018-08-01T17:30:42Z"
}
```

## Update swag details

```
PATCH /api/swags/:id (requires authentication)
```

**Request**
```json
{

>     "id": "0f342ac1-ac32-4bd1-3612-efa32bc3d9a0",

Reviewer 2: Same as above for `id` here. :)

    "item": "12abcff0-bcbc-01fc-abcd-01012bc4e0b1",
    "description": "sponsered by someone else",
    "image": null,
    "created_at": "2018-08-01T17:30:42Z",
    "modified_at": "2018-08-01T17:30:42Z"
}
```

**Response**

> Status: 201 Created

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't a `PATCH` return a `200 Ok` status as it doesn't create any resource rather modify an existing resource?

Author: Yes, it should be `200 OK`.

    "created_at": "2018-08-01T17:30:42Z",
    "modified_at": "2018-08-01T17:30:42Z"
}
```

## Create a swag item

**Parameters**

Name              | Data Type | Required | Default Value  | Discription
------------------|-----------|----------|----------------|--------------------
id                | UUID      | false    | _uuid_         | Unique ID for the swag item.
name              | text      | true     | null           | Name of the item.
created_at        | datetime  | false    | _datetime_     | Time of creation.
modified_at       | datetime  | false    | _datetime_     | Time of last modification.

__Note__:
- _uuid_: Randomly generated Universally Unique IDentifier (UUID).
- _datetime_: Date and time when the `OtherSwag` object is created.

```
POST /api/swags/items (requires authentication)
```

**Request**
```json
{
    "name": "charger"
}
```

**Response**
Status: 201 Created
```json
{
    "id": "0f342ac1-ac32-4bd1-3612-efa32bc3d9a0",
    "name": "charger",
    "created_at": "2018-08-01T17:30:41",
    "modified_at": "2018-08-01T17:30:41"
}
```

## Update the swag item

```
PATCH /api/swags/items/:id (requires authentication)
```

**Request**
```json
{

>     "id": "0f342ac1-ac32-4bd1-3612-efa32bc3d9a0",

Reviewer 2: Same as above for `id` :)
